There are many opportunities for internships if you're going into the
stem field. I know that I had an internship myself at the Department
of Defense. I worked at the Naval training station in Orlando and it
was my first internship, it dealt with computer science. I was working
on making speech more understandable for a computer as you talk
to it, so that was really good. So I think the Department of Defense,
I think you just Google DOD internships and press enter and then
there's, probably the whole first there's lots of different postings
for you. So at every military installation, let's say in California
at Corona, at San Diego, at SWRMC (South West Regional Maintenence
Center), at even the San Diego Naval base. There's probably some opportunity
for high school students and college graduates to get a little
bit of taste of what the federal government and what the military
can offer for military careers.